doc: update Matter known issues for 2.2.0 (#9581)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Matter
======

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0 v2-1-2 v2-1-1

> KRKNWK-15846: Android CHIP Tool crashes when subscribing in the Light On/Off & Level Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-15846: Android CHIP Tool crashes when subscribing to the Light On/Off and Level Clusters
```

>   The Android CHIP Tool revision used for the |NCS| v2.2.0, v2.1.1 and v2.1.2 releases crashes when attempting to start the subscription after typing minimum and maximum subscription interval values.
>   Also, the Subscription window in the Light On/Off & Level Cluster contains faulty GUI layout (overlapping captions) used when passing minimum and maximum subscription interval values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Android CHIP Tool crashes when attempting to start the subscription after typing minimum and maximum subscription interval values.
  Also, the Subscription window in the Light On/Off and Level Clusters contains faulty GUI layout (overlapping captions) used when passing minimum and maximum subscription interval values.
  This affects the Android CHIP Tool revision used for the |NCS| v2.2.0, v2.1.1, and v2.1.2 releases.
```
